Feature/prettier config (#90)
mediamonks/frontend-coding-standards: README.md

10. [Definition of Done Checklist](#definition-of-done-checklist)

## ESLint

Please install our [ESLint Configuration](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mediamonks/eslint-config)

> to enforce the _MediaMonks - Frontend Coding Standards_ in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to enforce the _Media.Monks - Frontend Coding Standards_ in your project.
```
